# projecthammond
<h1>Project Hammond</h1>
<h2>The Backstory</h2>
<p>"You need to use GitHub," said every developer and their mentor. So I jumped on the bandwagon (or heeded their advice, however you want to word it). But unlike most things I try my hand at, navigating GitHub wasn't as easy or intuitive for me. I often learn by doing, but in the days I tried figuring out everything without anyone's help, I learned that I was doing almost everything <i>wrong</i>. Then I stumbled across someone who contradicted the advice of every developer and their mentor and I decided to abandon my GitHub endeavor (or stressor). A sigh of relief.</p>
<p>That moment of relief only lasted briefly. I noticed that the communities of which I was a part were always encouraging people to contribute to "open source" projects on GitHub. <i>Except me,</i> I thought to myself, <i>I don't need to do that because I don't need to use GitHub to get a job as a developer</i>. Although I was correct in that way of thinking, I was naive to think that learnnig and using GitHub was soley a means to an end, when really, it would be (and is) a great way for me to learn and grow as a developer. I'd like to take all the credit for coming to this revelation, but I cannot. My mentor, for whom I am very grateful, highly recommended that I contribute to "open source" projects and learm how to use GitHub altogether. Sigh of acceptance.</p>
<h2>The Goal</h2>
<p>The goal of Project Hammond is showcase my polished projects and their development over time as I learn how to use GitHub.</p>
